--- overview
AMP (Access Music Project) provides a broad listing of local concerts in a streamlined interface that
lets users quickly browse listings, instantly preview artists and discover new music in their area.
This helps connect people with good music, and thereby supports independent artists.

--- financial model
no revenue. no ads, editorial liabilities, or business concerns
allows us to focus on optimized UI and functionality,
rather than driving page-views, etc.
all work is volunteer-driven, based on open-source model.
content is scraped (as needed, initially) or crowd-sourced (preferably)
the project is hosted on scalable cloud servers and can be optimized for cost efficiency,
so out-of-pocket hosting costs are on the order of tens to hundreds of dollars per month
this non-profit mentality assures objectivity, a positive ethos that individual contributors
can rally around, and also and indie vibe that gels with its industry and mission.

--- content
initially, concert listings are provided through an automated scraper tool that can pull structured data from
major ticket websites and concert listings, as well as most venues (though that content is less reliable)
content can also be provided by any logged-in user, using a pop-up form on the main listing page.
that content (as well as scraper-generated content) will be moderated by admins and power users
that have proven reliability by contributing content.
artist previews are youtube videos shown inline. when possible, the video will be selected by a user/moderator.
Otherwise, the preview will show videos based on a simple text search for the artists name, which is over 95% accurate
artists will be stored in the system, so that once artist info is provided,
it'll appear in later concerts with that artist

--- users and gamification
as users log in and contribute content/moderation, they will be rewarded with increased privileges, features, and influence
Initially, users will be shown an introductory popup whenever they visit, and then they can browse the listings, with filters
Once a user has authenticated and created a free account, they can skip the introduction and save the default filter settings.
they can also add new concerts, but those need to be approved. After they've added some content that's been approved,
they can start approving others' submissions, submitting changes to the listings, and approving others' changes.
As they contribute more content and moderation, they level up (though this level will degrade over time with inactivity).
Active contributors will be randomly featured in the introductory popup, and they get the ability to "boost" a number of events
each month. Events that are boosted will be highlighted and sorted before other listings.
As a user levels up, they get more boosts, this increasing their influence.

--- marketing
in addition to grassroots marketing, potentially a viral video and appeals to bands and venues to engage fans, and participate themselves.
while it's against the rules to sell boosts for money, it's entirely OK to boost your own concert, or a band you love.
So anyone in a band could be involved and boost their own shows. And if any of their fans get involved, it'll help publicize the band.
This provides incentive for word-of-mouth sharing.
